Update hybrid-modern-auth-overview.md (#946)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise: Enterprise/hybrid-modern-auth-overview.md

  |Exchange ActiveSync clients (e.g., iOS11 Mail)  <br/> |Exchange ActiveSync  <br/> |For Exchange ActiveSync clients that support modern authentication, you must recreate the profile in order to switch from basic authentication to modern authentication.  <br/> |

- **General prerequisites**

>   - If you use AD FS, you should have Windows 2012 R2 AD FS 3.0 and above for federation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you use AD FS, you should have Windows 2012 R2 AD FS 3.0 and above for federation.
```

>   - Your identity configurations are any of the types supported by Azure AD Connect (such as password hash sync, pass-through authentication, on-premises STS supported by Office 365, et cetera.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Your identity configurations are any of the types supported by Azure AD Connect, such as password hash sync, pass-through authentication, and on-premises STS supported by Office 365.
```
